dx-1123 added new description on Instrument Mode (#597)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/payment-order-other-features.md

## Instrument Mode

> The Payment Menu is switched to "Instrument Mode" by providing the request field
> `instrument` as described in the abbreviated example below.
> 
> If you do not want to use SwedbankPay PaymentMenu or do have multiple payment 
> providers on your site we strongly recommend that you implement the 
> Instrument Mode functionality. To use this feature you will need to add a 
> specific parameter on the request. This will enable you to enforce the 
> SwedbankPay PaymentMenu to only render in single instrument mode. So even if 
> SwedbankPay is set up to provide more than one instrument you will be able to 
> let it only show one at a time.
> 
> It is important to use this feature if you need to build your own menu. 
> In this case you should use the Instrument parameter to enforce what instrument 
> to show. Lets say that you have an agreement with SwedbankPay for both Creditcard
> and Swish/Vipps processing. When the consumer choose to pay with either of 
> these instruments you should add the Instrument parameter with the specific 
> instrument. If the consumer later changes their mind and choose the other 
> instrument you can make a call to SwedbankPay to change the instrument on the 
> active payment. This is important because we do not let you generate multiple 
> payments with the same `orderReference`. So to ensure that you can still use the 
> same `orderReference` you should only make one payment for a purchase and instead 
> change the instrument to reflect what the consumer has chosen in your menu.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In "Instrument Mode" the Payment Menu will display only one specific payment
instrument instead of all configured on your merchant account. The Payment Order
resource works just like it otherwise would, allowing you to remain largely
indifferent to the payment instrument in use.

If you do not want to use Swedbank Pay Payment Menu or do have multiple payment
providers on your site we strongly recommend that you implement the "Instrument
Mode" functionality. To use this feature you will need to add the `instrument`
field to the request. This will make the  Swedbank Pay Payment Menu only render
a single payment instrument. So even if Swedbank Pay is set up to provide more
than one instrument you will be able to let it only show one at a time.

It is important to use this feature if you want to build your own payment menu.
In this case you should use the `instrument` field to enforce which payment
instrument to show. If you have an agreement with Swedbank Pay for both Card and
Swish/Vipps processing, when the consumer choose to pay with either of these
instruments you should add the `instrument` parameter with the specific payment
instrument. If the consumer later changes their mind and choose the other
instrument you can make a call to Swedbank Pay to change the instrument on the
active payment. This is important because we do not allow the creation of
multiple payments with the same `orderReference`. So to ensure that you can
still use the same `orderReference` you should only make one payment for a
purchase and instead change the `instrument` to reflect what the consumer has
chosen in your menu.

The Payment Menu is switched to "Instrument Mode" by providing the request field
`instrument` as described in the abbreviated example below.
```
